h2. Cucumber Task

blah. blah.

h3. Introduction
  
h3. Installation
  
h4. Cucumber


h3. Webrat

Webrat is an Ruby-based acceptance testing library for web applications.

It depends on the to XML libraries which can be installed using:

  sudo apt-get install libxslt1-dev libxml2-dev

You can install Webrat as a gem or as a plugin. The gem is more stable because it follows a release schedule 
instead of seeing every change that is pushed to Github.  

  sudo gem install webrat

  or

  git submodule add git://github.com/brynary/webrat.git vendor/plugins/webrat
  git submodule init
  


h2. Textile Examples

Sample Table.

|_. Name|_. Age|_. Height|
|Tom|29|5'9"|
|Chris|27|6'0"|

h4. Pay Attention to my H4

You just don't see enough ordered lists around these days.

# alpha
# beta
# gamma

Unordered lists are nice for when you don't want to prioritize things.

* one
* two
* three

It's always a good idea to quote someone famous so people think you know what you're talking about.

bq. To be or not to be, that is the question

If that doesn't work, just fall back on math equations. That's sure to work. (If the github implementation of textile worked as the textism.com implementation does.)

a^2^ + b^2^ = c^2^

Tables are a pain, huh? Just slap in some preformatted content using &lt;pre&gt; tags.

<pre>size   color
 L       G
 M       R
 S       B</pre>

This *is* a code repository so displaying @code@ should be easy and look good too!

  def foo
    puts 'bar'
  end

h2. Sample Header

* apples
** Granny Smith
** Pink Lady
* bananas
* grapes
